Confused
You're my fault.
It's my fault.
There's really no new way for kids to make this decision.
Ten years of cold windows no one asked
Once married, the world knows.
What about the royal inspection?
Above that court.
No family, no foundation.
The baby is difficult.
This world is important.
Doing well is harder.
Like a child
Who in the city dares to marry a son?
I struggled to catch up with Nhi.
This is my big opportunity.
Mom, I really can't tell you the truth.
Jen's father also told me.
After I married Yen Nhi
He will arrange for me a seven-rank position.
Seven products, ma'am.
I'm a minor, sesame is just nine products.
Failure is just the beginning.
I have the support of my father-in-law.
I feel like I'm not exactly incapable of being a servant.
Then I can pick you up in Beijing.
Let you enjoy it.
You are not filial.
Children are not filial.
They're useless children.
Van Hieu
How could you think that?
I never expected you to succeed.
Let me have a good life.
Mom.
You raised me from the flood waters.
Growing up alone.
And destroyed 20 years of my life to change my life.
These kids see it in their eyes.
Remember.
The most important thing in my life is to repay your kindness.
Let me have a good life.
I'm not thinking well.
I like peace.
The village is far from the dispute.
But forget that your mood is uncertain.
Looking forward to contributing
I'm your Li Huining's son.
No need to self deprecate
What you want
Mom's all for you.
Mom.
What do you mean?
Promise to help me hide the truth?
Tricked for a while.
You can't fool a lifetime.
Are you going to spend your whole life not thinking about your mother?
I'm ready for you.
It goes beyond everything your family has prepared for you.
Mom, stop kidding.
In this big city.
We're like ants.
How can it compare to my family?
Van Hieu
You look down on yourself too much.
The situation in this world is unpredictable.
Who needs to know about tomorrow?
Please rest assured to wait for marriage.
When I led the army to fight for my mother
His surname is Su, but he is a big soldier under his mother's command.
Not even my status as a mother.
You know, you have no idea how noble your status is.
Old lady fucking
Why ruin my good work?
You'd better go home to me.
Otherwise, both parents die.
It's not really a lie.